The Poker Machine V1.0

Tested on:
Windows 7
Linux Mint 19.1

Written in Python 3, and uses Tkinter
for the GUI framework.

This is just the first fully working version of the game
and over time I expect to add more features to it.

Introduction
-------------
This game is a fairly good representation of a 9/6 Jacks or better
video poker game.

A 9\6 machine pays $9 for a full house and $6 for a flush to a $1 stake.
This is the optimum payout for jacks or better video poker.

You can contact me via the drop down menu in the game, or go
directly to my website contact page also in the menu,
or this link: https://stevepython.wordpress.com/contact/

Playing the game:
-----------------
Each new game starts you off with a bank of $100.
If you get higher than that it will be stored as your high score.
Your high score is saved to disc and re-loaded the next time you 
play the game, giving you a long-term target to try to beat.

Once the game has loaded up:
----------------------------
1. First choose the stake you would like to bet for the next game.
   Click on the orange "Stake" button and it will roll around $1 to $5.
   The default is $1, so if you are betting $1 there is no need to change it.

2. Now click on the green "Deal" button to see your five cards.

3. You can now click on the hold buttons (or the cards themselves), to hold
   any cards that you wish to keep in an effort to make a winning hand.
   You can un-hold a card by clicking on it a second time.

4. In the message window above the cards it will let you know
   if you have been dealt a winning hand or not.
   The minimum winning hands are a pair of Jacks, Queens, Kings and Aces,
   and they only pay your stake back.
   If you do not know how Poker hands work then read this page:
   https://www.pokerstars.uk/poker/games/rules/hand-rankings/
   
5. Now click on the blue "Draw" button to get new cards to replace the
   cards that you didn't hold.

6. After the new cards are drawn, a pop up message will let you know
   the outcome of the game. If you have a winning hand it will show
   how much you have won.
   Any winnings will be added to your bank.
   Your high score will be updated and saved if you have beaten 
   your previous high-score.
   
   Now go to step 1 and repeat.
   
The drop-down menu
-------------------
At the top left of the game window you will see the word "Menu".
Left click on the "Menu" and the following options will appear:

Help:
This file.

About:
Program information, version, usage and (c) notice.

Contact me:
Clicking this takes you to the contact form on my 
website where you can message me.

Visit my blog:
As it says, it's a link to my Python programming blog for beginners.

Donate:
If you enjoy this game and want to continue to use it then 
click here to make a small cash donation, anything you want, 
suggeted amount is $5+.

I'm not sure how to work this yet, but people that donate may get
updates or something, or maybe the source code. I'll try to work
out something extra for donaters, though I'm just
not sure what yet. 

Assume you get nothing extra, except satisfaction and moral 
peace of mind, until you find out otherwise okay.

Exit:
I don't know what this option does.


That covers just about everything.
I hope you enjoy playing the game.

Steve Shambles September 1st 2019.